and how about friends how are the friends
good on this occasion as they will already
seen in the title so is lobbies of
gta 5 money online and good friends
these money lobbies will only be
for playstation3 so if you're from
that console, you'll have the opportunity
to take a few million to
the bag before they arrive
expected robberies to banks but good
friends the requirements to enter this
great money lobby are the
next be subscribed to the channels
that I will leave you in the description that are
the channels of my friends josé mods
I was born lemon and psycho arts and like
be subscribed to my channel other
also very important requirement is
like my facebook page and
also follow me on my twitter since
So I'm going to publish the ide of
where are they going to have to add us to
that are invited to the money lobby
and good friends those money lobbies
will be this Saturday and Sunday 7 and 8 of
March time will be at 7
pm Mexico DF schedule so if you are
where any other country then do more
or less the account at what time will it be
in your country since in Mexico DF is going to be
at 7 pm and ball minus and almost forgotten
tell them another requirement is to like
this video and comment participated this goes
to serve then to more or less know
how many people are going to be participating like this
in this way, we are going to have more or
less calculated how the thing will be
because as you know it's not in a session
16 people fit that would be the
hacker and the people who will be
receiving money but good friends
in this then in these lobbies we wait
Well, to have many people, not then
then it is very likely that they will arrive
to saturate then all this not since it would be
very much very much work but in this
then we will have the help of
a second hacker which would be two
hackers giving money to 30 people
simultaneously but now friends themselves
as I said and let's hope they are
many people but good is very
likely to go to saturate so
if we get to go wrong with
someone seriously we are going to try that
that does not happen let's try to give them
money all to all but if for
chance happens to pass friends do not know
worry that we will continue to give
money we will continue to do lobbies
maybe as twice a month as well
so do not worry about that, not like that
what friends, this is basically everything
For my part, you already know how to participate
requirements either to subscribe to the
channels and give like my page
facebook and follow me on twitter but
good friends itself this basically has
been all for me, here I am
dismissal and see you until the next
bye